Clarify quickstart editions (#5001)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/index.md

# Sourcegraph documentation

> [Sourcegraph](https://sourcegraph.com) is a web-based, open-core, self-hosted code search and navigation tool for developers, used by Uber, Lyft, Yelp, and more.

Reviewer: What does `open-core` mean?

> [Sourcegraph](https://sourcegraph.com) is a web-based, open-core, self-hosted code search and navigation tool for developers, used by Uber, Lyft, Yelp, and more.

Reviewer: I had never come across the the term **open-core** before so I would suggest linking to an authoritative source. 

Is it really necessary to change it from **open-source**?

Author: Yeah, re-reading this just sounds confusing. I'll revert the change for now. This statement is a bit too sweeping, but with the clarifications below, I'm okay with this as a temporary state..

Author: Actually, removing it entirely for now

> [Sourcegraph](https://sourcegraph.com) is a web-based, open-core, self-hosted code search and navigation tool for developers, used by Uber, Lyft, Yelp, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sourcegraph](https://about.sourcegraph.com) is a web-based, open-core, self-hosted code search and navigation tool for developers, used by Uber, Lyft, Yelp, and more.
```

We should link to the about site as someone logged-in to Sourcegraph.com won't be redirected.

## Quickstart guide

> It takes less than 5 minutes to run and install [Sourcegraph Core](https://about.sourcegraph.com/pricing) for free using Docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It takes less than 5 minutes to deploy [Sourcegraph Core](https://about.sourcegraph.com/pricing) for free using Docker:
```

Author: I see what your comment here is about, but I actually like "run and install" as "deploy" seems more like jargon we use internally, it sounds like a heavyweight process, and this quickstart guide actually **IS** for them to run it locally (not to "deploy" to a remote VM or anything, which is what that word evokes in my mind...).

LMK if you disagree.
